not many sharks fans get to have their
breakfast over an open forum with the
team's general manager Doug Wilson we're
very conscious of character people not
too many sharks fans get to learn the
ins and outs of proper stretching with
the team's strength coach Mike Potenza
you may have spots that you wouldn't
think hurt but they're gonna hurt now
and not too many sharks fans get the
insights of a video session with coaches
Jay Woodcroft
and Brett Heimlich you wouldn't believe
the detail that goes into game
preparation and our staff prides itself
on being the hardest-working staff in
the league it's hard to ask your players
to be the hardest working team in the
league if you're not the hardest working
coaches tough but on this occasion these
aren't just fans they are sharks for a
day participating in the team's annual
fantasy camp it's a once-in-a-lifetime
experience which raises funds for the
Sharks foundation giving hockey players
of all skill groups the chance to
experience a game day at the NHL level
and to play the parts you have to look
the parts all of the campers are
provided with apparel including their
own authentic sweater and socks and then
comes the ultimate dream of every show
expand
after the national anthem and even SJ
Sharkey getting in on the action it's
time to put on your game face and drop
the puck
bad news so far moguls good news still
have all my teeth ah but that would
change and I almost lost some teeth
after scoring
yeah
hey ruff I thought you guys didn't like
hold grudges or anything
I know I've yelled at you guys in the
past but I'm trying to turn over a new
leaf you're making it awful hard maybe
that's more cat okay well yeah I thought
working fair enough
as long as we're always honest with one
another I can live with that trying to
get the TV okay good wipeout five
different eating the game for a good
time and the benefit for a great cause
the experience concludes with a salute
and a burning desire to start counting
down the days until next year's game I
mean this is in spurts it feels real and
then the rest it's just a bunch of guys
whacking at the park yeah
but it's just great fun it's nice to be
on a big piece of ice and great lighting
and real live referees and it's a great
experience no I think it's pretty real I
mean you get the locker room experience
the the training aspect get treated to
the tour you know it's just you know
playing in this building you know we
come here you know watch our home team
play and it's just nice to be here the
experience was spectacular in this great
facility with all these guys trying hard
the Alumni coming back and I think the
best thing is all proceeds going to the
Sharks Foundation which is spectacular